The ACM code of ethics is for people who will write code that will be on many machines. Code that will make contributionsto society and will possibly affect many people.
The code of ethics for ACM is to make sure code is fair to everyone and stays very honest with their user. This prevents any shady malpractices from happening, especially with data being used in any unethical manners.
This code of ethics is very useful and can be used for industries. Companies can use this code of ethics and the world would be a slightly better place since I wish many companies would follow strict ethics like this one. Very valid for professional settings and work environments. Makes sure people only write quality code.

The code of ethics for UC is also very good at handling transparency. Making sure the people are fair and take accountability for their own actions. It makes sure people are lawful and fair to others.
It also ensures no one privacy and data is handled correctly.
The university offers resources, it ensures that the people using these resources are using them correctly. Nothing illegal or nothing unethical. Ensures that all people are using the university's resources solely for educational purposes or appropriately using those given resources.

1. The differences between these two code of ethics is that one is ACM has ethics written specifically for people who will write code in both personal and professional work environments. Meanwhile, UCR has a code of ethics for people who are using UC resources along with people who are participating in the university. Every single person who graduates from a UC will inherently represent the university in one way, UC an aacademic institute and it must be represented that way. Both ensure privacy and transparency, especially in parts where it is very important and where malpractices are frequent, such as financial logging or data handling.

2. I believe that the ethics code that is most relevant to me would be the ACM ethics. I personally like the ACM code of ethics more since it is more specific to professional settings where projects are made, specifically with coding. I believe that it includes all that the UC code of ethics, along with more and with great specificity. It also ensures that I don't use school resources for malicious or wrongful purposes, which is one important part of the UC code of ethics.

3. These codes are required to stop people from abusing their given resources for personal benefit, or for the wrong purposes. Such as breaking the trust of the user, or monetary purposes in unethical ways.
The consequences for breaking these should be having said person going through a workshop where they are told what they did wrong, along with the reason why they broke that rule along with the importance of that rule. Then they must go through a workshop to assure this person knows the ethics, along with being required to fix all their past work that unethical but wasn't 'caught'. If they were caught breaking the rules, that means it wasn't their first time, there may be code on that is out there being used that can possibly break the code of ethics, so that must be investigated.

4. In the UC code of ethics, there could be a part where consenting adults can sign a paper for exceptions when it comes to #7 in Ethical conduct of research. Unless, as I assume, it is strictly just not allowed. I would say that the part of the UC Code of Ethics can be improved with modern privacy requirements since that has evolved over time and it can be more specific rather than how broad it currently is worded.

5. mention examples that violates code of ethics for ACM would be all the data handling of companies. I would say that Meta does not have any transparency in the way their data or financial records are being handled. I know that data is being sold, and the way 3rd party cookies track people outside of Meta owned websites. All the tracking done by Meta would strongly go against ACM's code of ethics. Plus, they have gone through several scandals and make billions from user data for their own benefit. People who trust Meta and trust them with their own data. It is a public secret that they are bad at data handling.
